Add translation request templates (#5663)
toggl/mobileapp: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/translation-pull-request-template.md

## Translation for <!-- Language Here -->

Request issue: #TranslationIssueNumber

## Status
Don't consider this PR ready to be merged before the following steps are done:

> - [ ] The translator has been provided with a test build (or screenshots), run and approved how it looks (Ideal, but maybe not realistic)

Reviewer: You could replace `(Ideal, but maybe not realistic)` with the less pessimistic `(Optional)`

> - [ ] This PR branch has been tested and looking good on multiple devices sizes with different font/zoom configurations (At least run the whole app in the smallest & highest supported versions of iOS and android)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This PR's branch has been tested and looks good on multiple devices sizes with different font/zoom configurations (The bare minimum to verify this is running the whole app in the smallest & highest supported versions of iOS and Android)
```

> - [ ] Every text entry has been translated (Manually verified or generic Unit tests for translated text entries)

Reviewer: I think you should remove the comment in parenthesis while we don't have the unit tests
